README.md, before:


![PROJECT HERO IMAGE](https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/assets/28964599/84dc192d-5c9e-4672-96b3-b9cb18a1cfa1)  

[![GitHub Actions Workflow Status][check-workflow-badge]][check-workflow-badge-link] [![GitHub License][github-license-badge]][github-license-badge-link] [![GitHub contributors][github-contributors-badge]][github-contributors-badge-link] [![Discord][discord-badge]][discord-badge-link] [![Blazity][made-by-blazity-badge]][made-by-blazity-badge-link]

🚀 Launch your high-performance eCommerce site in minutes, not weeks, with this Next.js commerce starter. Leverage the power of Vector Search and AI to deliver a superior online shopping experience without the development headaches.

Simply run this command and let our CLI do the setup for you!

```bash
$ yarn create commerce
```

or deploy it straight to Vercel: 

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fblazity%2Fenterprise-commerce&env=SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_ACCESS_TOKEN,SHOPIFY_ADMIN_ACCESS_TOKEN,FLAGS_SECRET,SHOPIFY_APP_API_SECRET_KEY,SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN,MEILISEARCH_HOST,MEILISEARCH_MASTER_KEY,LIVE_URL&envDescription=Variables%20needed%20to%20deploy%20your%20new%20eCommerce%20application&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fblazity.com%2Fr%2Fcommerce-docs&demo-title=Next.js%20Enterprise%20Commerce&demo-description=AI-FIRST%20NEXT.JS%20STOREFRONT%20FOR%20COMPOSABLE%20COMMERCE&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fcommerce.blazity.com%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fcommerce.blazity.com%2Ftwitter-image.png)
  
## Features

- Next.js App Router & Turborepo
- [React Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components) (RSCs), [Suspense and Streaming](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/loading-ui-and-streaming)
- [Server Actions](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations)
- [Dynamic OG Images](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/opengraph-image)
- [AI Vector Search](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/experimental/vector_search)
- [Lightning fast search & filtering](https://www.meilisearch.com/)
- AI Image captioning
- Perfect Performance & SEO
- Extremely strict TypeScript 
- Draft Mode
- A/B Tests
- Shadcn UI
- TailwindCSS
- Analytics (GTM, Vercel)
- Highly Scalable SEO Redirects ([Bloom Filters](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/redirecting#managing-redirects-at-scale-advanced))
- Complete and fast CI/CD pipelines
- Platform agnostic (integrated with Shopify by default)
- Easy migration - migrate your existing solution in minutes
- Conventional commits git hook
- Playwright - write end-to-end tests like a pro
- Storybook - create, test, and showcase your components
- T3 Env - manage your environment variables with ease
- Patch-package - fix external dependencies without losing your mind
- Components coupling and cohesion graph - a tool for managing component relationships

> Note: Looking for a live demo with real products? See [commerce.blazity.com](https://blazity.com/r/commerce)

## 🤝 Contribution

Contributions are always welcome! To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch with a descriptive name.
3. Make your changes, and commit them using the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format.
4. Push your changes to the forked repository.
5. Create a pull request, and we'll review your changes.

## Support

If you're looking for help or simply want to share your thoughts about the project, we encourage you to join our Discord community. Here's the link: [https://blazity.com/discord](https://blazity.com/discord). It's a space where we exchange ideas and help one another. Everyone's input is appreciated, and we look forward to welcoming you.

<br />
<a href="https://discord.gg/fyWtyNKmfX" style="width: 100%; display: flex; justify-content: center;">
  <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/1111676875782234175/widget.png?style=banner2" alt="Blazity Discord Banner"/>
</a>
<br />

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more information, see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.



[check-workflow-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/blazity/enterprise-commerce/check.yml?label=check
[github-license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/blazity/enterprise-commerce?link=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FBlazity%2Fenterprise-commerce%2Fblob%2Fmain%2FLICENSE
[github-contributors-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/blazity/enterprise-commerce?link=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FBlazity%2Fenterprise-commerce%2Fgraphs%2Fcontributors
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1111676875782234175?color=7b8dcd&link=https%3A%2F%2Fblazity.com%2Fdiscord
[made-by-blazity-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/made_by-Blazity-blue?color=FF782B&link=https://blazity.com/

[check-workflow-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/actions/workflows/check.yml
[github-license-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/blob/main/LICENSE
[github-contributors-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/graphs/contributors
[discord-badge-link]: https://blazity.com/discord
[made-by-blazity-badge-link]: https://blazity.com/?utm_source=nextenterprise&utm_medium=github

Commit message:

chore: add cli demo & live url to readme

README.md, after:


![PROJECT HERO IMAGE](https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/assets/28964599/84dc192d-5c9e-4672-96b3-b9cb18a1cfa1)  

[![GitHub Actions Workflow Status][check-workflow-badge]][check-workflow-badge-link] [![GitHub License][github-license-badge]][github-license-badge-link] [![GitHub contributors][github-contributors-badge]][github-contributors-badge-link] [![Discord][discord-badge]][discord-badge-link] [![Blazity][made-by-blazity-badge]][made-by-blazity-badge-link]

🚀 Launch your high-performance eCommerce site in minutes, not weeks, with this Next.js commerce starter. Leverage the power of Vector Search and AI to deliver a superior online shopping experience without the development headaches.

Simply run this command and let our CLI do the setup for you!

![create-commerce-demo (1)](https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/assets/28964599/9764669e-afac-47e7-8c17-bd1b64cf59f1)

```bash
$ yarn create commerce
```



[see the live demo](https://blazity.com/r/commerce) or deploy it straight to Vercel: 

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fblazity%2Fenterprise-commerce&env=SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_ACCESS_TOKEN,SHOPIFY_ADMIN_ACCESS_TOKEN,FLAGS_SECRET,SHOPIFY_APP_API_SECRET_KEY,SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN,MEILISEARCH_HOST,MEILISEARCH_MASTER_KEY,LIVE_URL&envDescription=Variables%20needed%20to%20deploy%20your%20new%20eCommerce%20application&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fblazity.com%2Fr%2Fcommerce-docs&demo-title=Next.js%20Enterprise%20Commerce&demo-description=AI-FIRST%20NEXT.JS%20STOREFRONT%20FOR%20COMPOSABLE%20COMMERCE&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fcommerce.blazity.com%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fcommerce.blazity.com%2Ftwitter-image.png)
  
## Features

- Next.js App Router & Turborepo
- [React Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components) (RSCs), [Suspense and Streaming](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/loading-ui-and-streaming)
- [Server Actions](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations)
- [Dynamic OG Images](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/opengraph-image)
- [AI Vector Search](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/experimental/vector_search)
- [Lightning fast search & filtering](https://www.meilisearch.com/)
- AI Image captioning
- Perfect Performance & SEO
- Extremely strict TypeScript 
- Draft Mode
- A/B Tests
- Shadcn UI
- TailwindCSS
- Analytics (GTM, Vercel)
- Highly Scalable SEO Redirects ([Bloom Filters](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/redirecting#managing-redirects-at-scale-advanced))
- Complete and fast CI/CD pipelines
- Platform agnostic (integrated with Shopify by default)
- Easy migration - migrate your existing solution in minutes
- Conventional commits git hook
- Playwright - write end-to-end tests like a pro
- Storybook - create, test, and showcase your components
- T3 Env - manage your environment variables with ease
- Patch-package - fix external dependencies without losing your mind
- Components coupling and cohesion graph - a tool for managing component relationships

> Note: Looking for a live demo with real products? See [commerce.blazity.com](https://blazity.com/r/commerce)

## 🤝 Contribution

Contributions are always welcome! To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch with a descriptive name.
3. Make your changes, and commit them using the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format.
4. Push your changes to the forked repository.
5. Create a pull request, and we'll review your changes.

## Support

If you're looking for help or simply want to share your thoughts about the project, we encourage you to join our Discord community. Here's the link: [https://blazity.com/discord](https://blazity.com/discord). It's a space where we exchange ideas and help one another. Everyone's input is appreciated, and we look forward to welcoming you.

<br />
<a href="https://discord.gg/fyWtyNKmfX" style="width: 100%; display: flex; justify-content: center;">
  <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/1111676875782234175/widget.png?style=banner2" alt="Blazity Discord Banner"/>
</a>
<br />

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more information, see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.



[check-workflow-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/blazity/enterprise-commerce/check.yml?label=check
[github-license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/blazity/enterprise-commerce?link=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FBlazity%2Fenterprise-commerce%2Fblob%2Fmain%2FLICENSE
[github-contributors-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/blazity/enterprise-commerce?link=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FBlazity%2Fenterprise-commerce%2Fgraphs%2Fcontributors
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1111676875782234175?color=7b8dcd&link=https%3A%2F%2Fblazity.com%2Fdiscord
[made-by-blazity-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/made_by-Blazity-blue?color=FF782B&link=https://blazity.com/

[check-workflow-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/actions/workflows/check.yml
[github-license-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/blob/main/LICENSE
[github-contributors-badge-link]: https://github.com/Blazity/enterprise-commerce/graphs/contributors
[discord-badge-link]: https://blazity.com/discord
[made-by-blazity-badge-link]: https://blazity.com/?utm_source=nextenterprise&utm_medium=github
